
Bugs (no particular order): 
----------------------

	Prioritize this list!

	Missing GDK_CONFIGURE from event types wanted list?

	Swedish characters don't work.

	If a symbol isn't found, it's removed from the schematic.... 
	Is this the behavior we want?

	Mirror still has some bugs in it when dealing with the new conn
	system (mirror will create extra midpoint connections which are
	temporary only)

	If you put bogus numbers (ie not 0 or 1) in for the visibility and/or
	show_name_value field, you get *totally bogus results!

	Multiple instances of gschem clobber each other's log file, solve
	this how?

	Document how tswindow is being used in the include file.
	(it's also used by snap size), have snapsize get it's own window

	does it cause problems that the translate dialog box doesn't
	grab the focus for the app?

	there's a bug in arc visiblity clipping, just zoom around close
	in using DB*-1.sym (the corners)

FIXED	Unexplained core dump when opening another window (when compiled
	with -lccmalloc -ldl) related to:
	Odd behavior when quiting multiple windows and then opening another
	schematic in existing windows (can't find a font?) 
	Was caused by freeing common rc variables (ie each window didn't have
	a proper copy of the string)

	THERE IS A SIGNIFICANT slowdown in this version (19981013 before
	another release) delete really (with o_conn_disconnect_all with
	big schematics)

	Mirror something and then change slots... selection is wrong

	Move a single net.  You will see a stray visual cue at 0,0

	Setting slot=something other than 1 in a symbol doesn't work (ie
	slot isn't updated when you place the component).

	Copy something with slot != 1 and it doesn't draw right when it's
	placed

	Start a component place and then change to a different page.  You
	get a whole bunch of cmt2 NO! warnings 

GONE?	Core dump on 64 bit architectures? 
	1) open stack_1.sch from the examples dir
	2) box zoom somewhere in the schematic
	3) drag the vertical scroll bar up to the top of its range

KLUDGED	Really odd behavior with display :'s... type some :'s and then
???????	add a component or net or pin and they disappear? huh?
	(FIXED by adding gdk_draw_point in o_line, not a good solution 
	 though) Also don't draw lines with zero length in general

	Observed some really odd characters being written to the log files
	(between Read local gschemrc and Saved ...

	Rotate object... slot is wrong

	View Limits is broken for a single horizontal line (at least you 
	can't see the line because it's below the drawing area)

FIXED	Zoomin far enough and lines/nets start acting really weird!!!!!!!
	(by properly clipping the line)

FIXED	pins colors are being written out as -1

	When placing an invisible attribute, you get the left over image
	that needs to be erased.

	I'm not eraseing or dealing with the slot= attribute if you change
	the symbol and the attribute is visible.  It won't get properly 
	drawn.  (need to do a redraw to see the visible results)

FIXED	Gschem core dumps when I hit the special Windows key...  ha, it 
	doesn't like microsoft keys?  :)

	In o_select and o_select_many, when you try to update the tail to
	be proper, select_many doesn't work.  I wonder what else is effected
	Might have fixed some of this, but it's still highly suspect.
	
        Got a "Ahh you blew it.. tried to delete something which does
	exist" error.  need to watch for that and replicated it

	Got an unexplained core dump, dealing with trying to disconnect a 
	bogus net (already freed?).  I haven't been able to replicate this 
	at all.  

	Figure out and fix why text when selected and deselected (and placed)
	is sometimes offset (visually).  You have to do a redraw to get one
	image (non-offset)

	When doing "open symbols...", the newly loaded symbols are not 
	zoomed limits

	Bug in arcs and large large world-size... Don't draw right.

FIXED	Attaching an attribute doesn't set CHANGED flag

	Minor bug dealing with zooming out of corners (the zoom factors going
	out are different then going in)

	Right now you can attached a text item as an attribute in two places.
	Disallow that

	Right now you can attach non text items as attributes.
	Disallow that.

BETTER	MAJOR PROBLEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gschem is broken with this broken
	Got a major annoyance... order in copying objects to get attributes
	to attach is a problem.  How do I fix that?  by copying text last

FIXED	If you try to unembed a symbol and it cannot be found in any search
	path then things get slightly screwed up.  See a_basic.c o_unembed

GONE?	Saw some odd selection behavior, ie selecting something when you were
	not inside it's bounding box.  I think this was caused by not having
	snap on.

	Selection boxes and hitting the control key does not behave as it
	should (ie selection box toggles existing objects)

	Found some wierdness with the symbol translate (due to snap being off)

OKAY?	Unexplained core dump with related to object_lastplace being bogus.
	cannot replicate this. (haven't seen this at all again)

	Found another core dump bug, if you send a DELETE event to the
	window (from the wm) then on exit gschem will core.  This is okay, 
	since I don't deal with the DELETE event yet...

	Regular objects which are locked and then saved to a file will not
	be locked anymore... locking only seems to work on components.

	I'm not sure if tty vs both vs window_log stuff is working? low 
	priority though 

	Select an clib from the comp list and scroll down the component pane
	and then select another clib, other pane not starting from top

BETTER	Get consistant behavior for SHIFT/CONTROL in the various modes

OKAY?	Another segfault.  This one totally unexplained.  Was seeing some
	odd behavor with the hotkeys (hotkeys not doing what they should).
	Core dump happened the moment I press the right mouse button (the
	popup menu) which makes me suspect a gtk problem.   This might be
	related to the odd accelerator problem I was seeing (now accelerators
	are removed from the right mouse button popup)
	Unfortunately core not generated since gtk wasn't compiled to 
	generate code dump files.  Need to recompile gtk to do so.

	A segfault will occur if you attach NON text items to other items
	and then delete the whole bunch and then try to select something.
	The cause is unknown but a possible fix is known.  You should not be 
	allowed to attach NON text items as attributes.  (it segfault 
	doesn't always happen, can't replicate it, but it's there somewhere)

OKAY	Apparently, an undocumented feature (or maybe it is documented), but
	if you press a key while you select a item off of a menu (popup or
	pulldown) then you can change the hot key?  Hmmm... that's pretty
	interesting.

	Some sort of resize error when you open a file and the maximize 

	You still get xor droppings during a place and expose event happens

	You still get window droppings due to interactions with:
		- status updating (causing expose events which are being
	 	  ignored 
		- middle button shortcut updates (same reason as above)
	

	What happens if you attach an attribute to two places... nothing, 
	but you should disallow that.
	
FIXED	AGGGG... stuff showing up in basename_list in the wrong order :(

OKAY	Order in the basename_list is not based on alphabetics (it's based
NOW	on the creation date/inode of the file) (make the order alphabetic)

	Still have dangling cue blip in lower corner... 
	now seeing it on copys/moves, related to selected drawing conns.

	CHANGED flag -- make sure it's set in all places.

BETTER	Do some sanity on input files 
	(check for zero's...)

	Need to fix +4 stuff in get_line_bounding etc... :
		- get consistant name
		- and perhaps make +4 zoom_factor aware

	You can't put ='s in text strings (unless it's the seperator for
	name=value in attributes) (is this a bug or just a restriction?)
	(either way, document it).

MOSTLY	Go through and be sure you use the #DEFINES created by configure
DONE

	If a move/copy/compdraw is under an exposed area and an expose
	event happens then you get xor droppings

	There is still a bug.. draw a net and then another one which 
	would cause a midpoint connection... only after you do a redraw do you
        get the change many ways to fix this... but all required either 1) 
	a redraw after every major action, or 2) or a smarter "recalc" routine 

	limits on complex_filename, drawing_filename, text_string etc...
	REMOVE them (the limits that is)
	Size of drawing_filename and friends need to be dynamic....
DONE		drawing_filename
		text_string
		complex_filename
		basename
		clib		
	
	Check the issues related to visibility and if you can select it
	and if it's an attribute

DONE	Can't print )'s and spacing between chars on paper is much larger
	than on the screen (due to postscript using )'s : filter input)

	Pressing key during place causes droppings? 
	Hitting keys and during an action (x_events.c)

FIXED	Droppings with thick pins and move/copies/deletes? 

	Select something, then hit 'n' instead of 'm' and you get left
	overs from the net command  (same thing as mentioned above. inside
	action and hitting a key leaves ghosts)

	place two complex.
	- Connect net inbetween.
	- Connect another net to that new net
	Move all... see what happens?  ( be sure components are at the end
	of each of the nets )  It's caused by order dependant searching 
	and if the old and new overlap you will get a round connection

	Multiconnection midpoints, should draw a circle, but doesn't for now.
	Put warnings in documentation (ie when you draw many nets to a single
	point you should get a circle... instead you get nothing... 

	Things get really slow with huge object copies... 
	Perhaps we don't want to be doing the o_conn_recalc_all on actions. 

	Major bug with add component with outline/bounding, if you zoom
	inbetween an add you get this HUGE monstrocity!
	(transparent zooms not implemented yet)

DONE	Cleanup grid/snapping so that it's more flexable so that you could
	have half grid snaps... (MAJOR ANNOYANCE)

GONE!	Related bug to above, drawing lines, first point must lock and then
        the second can be free. doesn't work vice versa! (related to above)

MUCH	Arcs are a hack by default
BETTER	This has gotten better (a lot better).

OKAY	A small bug dealing with arcs and the symbol command.  The x,y location
	will get negative values (which may be okay actually)

FIXED?	Unexplained grid locking when you draw an arc?  must have something 
	to do with the way width+x-x and height+y-y rounds off?
	
	Huge bounding box on arcs... uggg
	For now, arcs have been removed from the boundingbox calc.
	So if you just move an arc, you can't see the bounding box.

	Odd bug related to doing a objtosym (sym cmd), in that you don't get
	an exact move to zero unless you zoom one (or more?) 

FIXED	Roundoff errors creaping into move/copy commands 
	( some objects would be offset too much or too little relative 
	to the other ones ) Fixed mostly, but still need to re-examine 
	screen to world mapping functions.  This still needs to be dealt 
	with properly. I think this is fixed now.  Did move in world coords
	instead of screen coords

XBUG?	Saw some serious root-window corruption and drawing_area corruption
	because 1) of an X server bug in XF86S3V or 2) I'm not clipping lines
	(line clipping should be done by gschem)


Finished stuff:

GONE!	The difference between a save (saveas) and open window is not 
	enough.  This has cause me to nuke a schematic more than once 
	already! (this was fixed by removing this behavior)

FIXED	Opening up a second window (or more) causes the rc file to be read 
	again and that adds the new paths to the current ones.. ugg!  change
	that! 

DONE	There is still some sort of odd behavior with the page manager losing
	its mind.   Not good.  not sure if it's a gtk problem or mine.
	Problem has been identified as bogus parameters to gtk_clist_moveto.

DONE	Need to check if file exists (or check the fp) when you open files.

FIXED	The dialog boxes (in x_dialog) don't look all the same

FIXED	Zoom in a bit, and try selecting something... and then something
	else (many times) and you will see a bug (objects not being selected
	when they should be). (only when zoomed in...)  This is caused by 
	the event state machine going into sbox mode when it should not!  
	Fix this by converting the threshold into something that is dependent
	on the current zoom factor

FIXED	There is a condition that cause gschem to exit (unwanted), Edit some
	text and then unselect the text that is being edited.  This bug
	surfaced when we removed the dialog box grabs.  Other dialog box
	might be affected as well... (fixed by adding grab back to some
	dialog boxes)

FIXED	Suddenly some sort of an event happened and drawing window area 
	was totally wrong (too small) (caused by status label being too long)
	( Don't have too long status labels ) 

GONE	For every drawing_filename and strcpy (sprintf) you need to check 
	the size (now you need to worry about page_filename)

GONE	Once got a "(null)"... how? Haven't seen it again when I was drawing
	text.  String was set to null.  Should be fixed, but don't know.

GONE	Be sure to go back and fix the huge bounding boxes on (16,32pt) text

FIXED	The selection name in saveas file selectors (and/or others)
	is being nuked. (problem with gtk?)

OKAY	Set a default value for show_name_value

FIXED	Small erases happen once in a while when connecting three nets to
	the same point

FIXED	Also, you cannot print any filename (the path is the problem) that
	has a . in it.  Fixed by replacing the .sch with .ps or just adding
	it

FIXED	Still a minor textsize vs pan vs zoom bug.  zoom in all the way,
	the pan to the edge repeatedly then zoom out... text size doesn't
	look right  (fix by getting flexable font system see below )

FIXED	Drawing a box incorrectly (ie right then left) cause invalid boxes 
	to be drawn and puts invalid boxes into the database. 

FIXED	Printing arcs is broken!

FIXED	Uggg... open multiple windows... add ntext and then close them...
	core dumpy (caused by stupid programmer, freeing memory which was
	already freed accidentally)

GONE	Some xor droppings being left behind when moving text?  X server bug?
	This was seen only on my old box and nowhere else

DONE	Change MOVE so it's sequence is: 1) press m, 2) click to start, 
	3) press to place. 

FIXED	Odd coredump see CORE.LOG, have to see if the happens again with
	coredumping on. (wasn't reseting left,right,top,bottom for heads)

FIXED	Hitting delete and saveas window. and then hitting cancel.

FIXED	Misc pixels at the bottom of drawing area, cause by doing an open
	and then win_height gets set to 719 (supposed to be 720).   The 
	right height will be set if a configure event happens....

FIXED	Don't get a configure event if you hit key while the window is 
	coming up.

DONE	Inconcistancy with click and move and click-hold-draw of nets and 
	others.

GONE	Semaphore the interface shared memory 
	
FIXED	Place something when something is selected! BUG, original selection
	doesn't get unselected


FIXED	Cause of MAJOR instablity on SGI and others:
	Change type of type and p_type to be int or do something about the -1
	Type is now an int	

GONE	Try quitting program before gschem_intr starts.. you get:
	_X11TransSocketUNIXConnect: Can't connect: errno = 4    	


GONE	Still occasionally see a screwup on the update of an interface 


DONE	You need to put a linewidth fix in o_pin so that when you draw a pin
	it gets finish (redraw) with the right width (don't need this in o_net
	because of the o_conn_recalc stuff)

FIXED	Still have some doubts over which object should be unredraw
	( the selection or the actual object )  (right now it's the 
	actual object)

FIXED	Placing a component on another object causes the old comp to 
	be selected.  This is due to the way we handle the select mode
	( on the release ).  There should be another mode which is null
	which causes a switch to SELECT after the release.

FIXED	Still have some draws when you are doing mass deletes.... coredumps
	See o_conn_disconnect_all in s_basic (s_delete)

OKAY	Visibility of text works, but don't hit toggle vis during an action 

OKAY	Fixed a small bug in o_select, verify it all still works
	
FIXED	Round connection droppings.  Demonstrate: when you have many nets
	some with round connetions.  Delete them all.  Now, when you do this
	some of the nets where the round connections were are deleted (and
	the associated link in the other round connected net).  So when you
	erase the round net, you get droppings, because the net doesn't know
	that it had round connections.  Solution: put in some code in draw:
	which:
		1) if override color == background
		2) connection_1 or connection_2 are not zero
		3) erase the corresponding one 
		THE FIX is in o_net.c in the draw... just as above
		This fix might cause side effects if we start copy/moving
		the connection points 


FIXED	Another round connection problem, draw a net.  Then draw a net	
	which would cause a round connection point to occur.   You will
	see that second net is on top of first connection point.  How
	do you solve this?  (by having a redraw all connection points after
	doing a redraw)

GONE	Still occasionally see interface die or lock up... ???? 	

FIXED	when you draw some text and then you resize the window, the text
	isn't the same length as it was. (Fixed by drawing each char 
	individually and varring this space depending on size of window)
	Height is still off though, and the lenght is still not *exactly* 
	accurate, but this might be good enough (for now).


OKAY?	Minor bug, but resize events occure twice... put in flag so that
	it occures only once.

FIXED	Major pin/connection bug.  Draw symbol. connect to another symbol 
I THINK	(through just a pin) delete one of them.. then copy/move other.
?	core dumpy... :(

OKAY	Odd bug, when you select a complex, the selected image doesn't
I THINK	always lineup.  Has something to do with non snap objects and
?	o_*_copy and o_*_translate (has to do with inaccuracies in the 
	display at zoom_factor 0)

FIXED	Fix makefile so that it handles dependencies correctly

FIXED	Deal with pins touching pins...
	
FIXED	Deal with connections to the middle of an net

OKAY? 	If you select a net, and then connect something to that selected net,
	it becomes unselected. (is this okay?)

OKAY	Connection points are NOT selected, minor asthetic bug, code gets
	messy if you try to select them, because un selection becomes hell 

OKAY	Still have some minor net conns (the line) not being redrawn if 
	you connect to the middle of a net.  Have to go through code and
	really figure out what is happening where?
	What's happening is:  how can the program know that you just drew
	a line with a possible midpoint connection?  Well solution for now
	is the o_recalc_conn key

DONE	Move origin to lower left instead of upper left

DONE	Make aspect ratio of both window and coord system 4/3


DONE	Still have some net connections not being update.  Need a button
	for update nets  

KLUDGED	Deleting object in particular a net, doesn't redraw connection points
I THINK I CAN CLEANLY FIX THIS, BUT it's going to take a new s_delete????

OKAY	Drawing a net, doesn't show the first connection point until you select
	the second.  Is this the behavior we want?  Yes, because you don't know
	what kind of connection you'll get
	
FIXED:	selecting object, and then zoom, doesn't redraw selected object

FIXED:	zooming too much core dump

FIXED:	possible, odd way net draw works with button down or up
	NOW, nets are drawn when the n key is hit.

FIXED:	When you move a complex, you get a total redraw! don't do that 
	
FIXED:	Related to above, doing delete of a complex does a redraw! no!
	
FIXED:	Pan doesn't always give perfectly square aspects
MOSTLY:	Well there is still an aspect bug going to the far right/top bottom
	corner (still a bug with text size though)

GONE	Nasty constants in a_pan.c

FIXED	pan bug with interface.  Select pan on the interface window, and then
	pick a point which will center an object.  That object will be 
	selected. 
	(Fixed by removing the SELECT case in button_release, not needed 
	 and was causing this bug)

DONE	Change the add component so that you can either drag outline or 
	boundingbox, should be straightforward, just change o_drawbounding
	to be more general

GONE?	There is still a select, copy with bounding box on (you get xor 
	leftovers)
	
FIXED	Fixit so that aspect ratio of display/window doesn't matter??
	Is this even possible?  (It is possible, and it does matter!)

DONE!	Add hotkey for insert component (i perhaps? yes)

DONE!	Text dynamic storage, but it is still limited to 80 chars 

DONE!	Text size selection (was solved through intr)

DONE!	Change arcs, so that degrees are stored, instead of deg*64 

	
DONE!	lack of coupling between zoom_factor and left,top,right,bottom
MOSTLY  (still need some work with font sizes and zoom_factor coupling )

NOT	Zoom different amounts depending on the inital values for right, left 
DONE	etc.. (Irrelavent)

FIXED	Contrained move/copy works for the most part, but try hitting the key
AND     and then going in and out of it... leaves ghosting...
DONE	The solution to this is to 1) disallow mode changing in the middle of
	an action or 2) erase old ghost depending on if you are entering
	contrained or exiting it. (you'll need a flag which is set depending
	on if your in it or not)
	This problem isn't with constrained but with copy/move and actions
	(Hitting any key will cause ghosting)  I think? (key inside action...)

DONE!	Go through o_basic and move o_save(read)_attrib to o_attrib.c

DONE	Streamline all the X globals and stuff in setup

NOTED	Some sort of bug with text/zooming in all the way and outline moving
	Only with biggest font (only on my home machine, new linuxes works 
	fine)

GONE	If you are typing text and before you hit enter you change sizes,
	the current text should reflect this text size

FIXED	Fonts and aspect ratio are not related, so they don't always look
MOSTLY  the same. 

GONE?	Look for not eraseing bounding box with boundingbox draw outline mode

GONE!	Related to above try switching between outline and bounding while
	inside a move/copy, outline stuff is left behind!

OKAY	You need to redraw an object if you move/translate/ copy it, so 
I THINK	that the bounding box is update... do we want to change 	
	that?  (the way to fix this is recalc bounding in the translate 
	functions)

OKAY	Minor mystery why attributes inside complex don't change colors
	(which is good), oh because they are read from disk!  I think!? 
	YES!

FIXED	Odd behavour of buttons (move/copy), wasn't written for multiselect

FIXED	BUG! Select something, and then draw a multiselect box (don't select 
	anything in this box) and you will see that first object won't
	be unselected

FIXED	Coredump when you do an attach with nothing selected? 

GONE	There is a small redraw bug in net/copy/cancel which is hard
	to reproduce, but basically object_selected wasn't being redrawn

OKAY	Another redraw bug related to hitting escape, if you have a redraw
	in that section then you get two redraws when you inside an action
	Be sure all cancel action buttons look like the right button one,
	because I think that's the most current one

DONE!	Having a too large text size causes a core dump, fix this by
	putting in a check during read/write and force value

DONE!	Corefile is still generated if you have lots of objects, connected it
	an odd fashion and then you do a delete.  basically in the conn
	disconnect you get a dangling pointer.  Solution is to go through and
	disconnect every object which points to the current object!
	Verify this!

DONE!	Go through and make all colors configurable 

DONE!	Quirky multiple select cycle (okay I think)

DONE!	Not too happy with the feedback when you are placing a component
	Two lines are okay, but bounding box would be much much better!
	The way to do this is to create a dummy object (read in file)
	and use this as the object when you draw the bounding box 
	(of course this is exactly what was done)


MOSTLY	Am I freeing everything when I leave?  memory leak? 
FIXED	There is still a small small leak somewhere (yup)

NOTDONE	go back and add gdk_flush wherever there was a XFlush 
	Don't do this.. gdk_flush is not needed (and should be used).



DONE	When you copy/move something create a new list and copy those items
	into this list, so that you have something selected at the end.

OKAY	Attributes are going outside of a complex.
	Fine, but you need to do something about loads/saves so that some
	values which are inside a complex get put outside etc...	

DONE!	Deleting all objects and then adding needs to call setup_struct(). 

FIXED	Due to the new new_sel_head stuff, some buttons from interface are 
	broken, see hack in x_events.c (next_state stuff) 

FIXED	I think there is a bug related to this "it happened in deletes" NO
	Definately a data corruption bug
		- Select complex
        	- copy complex
		- delete original
		- create copy of copy
		- unselect 
		- redraw (copy is gone)
	Something with select and delete complex? 
	broken behavior in s_delete, commented out "out for now"

FIXED	Possible bug in complex_draw and o_redraw 	
	Just copy and delete copy and delete

DONE!	Revamp structure by doing doubly linked list
	
OKAY	Not really a bug, but erasing the bounding box with an arc (since
	it is soo large) effects other parts of the drawing 
	( Fix this by making bounding box on arc smaller.

OKAY	Do we want to save complexs in a file or just the filename (like it
	is now) Yeah we want to keep it this way, gets way to complex

OKAY	Attributes, do we want a special structure or a regular one
		- Advantages of specialized, less data, simpler data struct
		- Disadvantages of specialized, whole new routines, code waste	
	( Attributes are text which special links on objects which link them )

DONE:	Remove the font_inflation stuff

DONE:	Farthest left most point must be at the far left possible coord
	Solved with o_complex_to_symbol() 

GONE?	When you do a delete (using keys), delete seems to want to erase
	an nonexistant bounding box (the cyan dashed thing).

DONE!	Fix names in i_keypressed.c

FIXED	using quit button isn't very clean for schem. stupid pause

FIXED	Maybe if you hit a action key (move/copy) and nothing is selected it
	can behave as if you were to hit the button... hmmmm

GONE	Work on detaching interface more... currently the program assumes
	that the interface is there...
	(this is getting there with the SIGCHLD handling )

-interface issues- ALL OF THESE ARE GONE with the intergration of the two

RESOLVED 
	If something is selected when you hit copy, schem will unselect it?
	Basically there are two modes: if an object is selected, then the
	next button press starts the action, else if not then first you go
	into select mode and then the action starts. 

GONE	Add the ability to replace the file selection window when you hit
	the place command again (if the file selection window as already there)

OKAY	Ah, hitting okay when you don't select something.. ugg, in component
	select


DONE	outline of component for place, along with boundingbox

GONE	There is some sort of scrollbar problem with xforms? remove precision
	( no more scroll bar for text size ) ( also no more xforms )

DONE	Fix room for status (more more more!)

DONE	Fix right increment on text size 
	
DONE	Component button needs ...

DONE	Fix grid color button 
	
DONE	Fix default status line
	
GONE	Check for proper parameters, otherwise it will core

DONE	Possible race if both interface and schem try to send a command
	Yes.. solution is a semaphore
	
DONE	Free the semaphore when you are done? 

DONE	somewhere put the hot key assignements (help? on buttons?)

DONE	Add outline toggle mode 

DONE	Add attribute attach/detach stuff

----------------------
