TODOs
----------------------


Code cleanups (no particular order):
----------------------
	
	coding standards

DONE	Remove gd/gd.h from every file... in gschem and libgeda

	Go through and format the code.  it's really gross right now

	Re name end_angle in o_arc* to be sweep_angle

	Go through and make sure all mallocs with strings are sane

	It's becoming critical to add comments...  (very critical)
	
DONE	Created o_net_translate_world (been using line function)

DONE	Replace all struct st_object with a typedef

	Clean up COPY vs ENDCOPY (MOVE as well) in x_event 

	Change current_attribute and related setting funcs to be more
	generally named

	Go through and add null checks and print statements

	o_connect_midpoint etc... fix/get rid of the offset2 stuff
	
FIRST	Figure out gtk_signal_connect and friends: proper last param.
SHOT DONE

DONE	The p_connect stuff is unused and needs to be removed 

	IMPORTANT go through and fix object_tail and return_tail on all places

	Careful with all lists which have a head, in particular attributes,
	(they have a head, which has a null "object" pointer), which causes
	some grief, see note in o_attrib.c about the grief

DONE	Get accurate names for o_list... routines.  like o_list_delete_all
	which doesn't delete all (it doesn't delete the head)

	Total chaos between selected/object_head and replicated coded

DONE	Inconsistant naming of o_current, object, current etc...

	Go through and clean up switch, case, break tabbing.
	Related to above, way too many switch/case statements... 

	The object_parent variable and how it is used, is a slight kludge,
	but I don't know of any other way of getting o_attrib_attach to
	search the right list, depending on if you are reading a regular
	component to object_head or a complex which goes to object->complex.
	It becomes an issue, that you have to search the list.

	move a_zoom a_pan to i_* world 

	perhaps rename a_basic to something else 

	go through and fix left, top, right, bottom to be what they really 
	mean (0,0 is in the lower left) 

	get some consistancy with *_world world_* etc.. *_world_*
	(in complex really)

	Make zoom in, zoom out, pan a single function.  Now this is doable

----------------------



Feature additions (no particular order):
----------------------

DONE	Add a new dialog box for saving and managing pages.  Use a different
	mechanism for calling the saveas dialog box. 

DONE	Panning: the working area follows the mouse.

	Seperate translate in the X and Y directions (in addition to the 
	current coupled X and Y translate)

DONE	Code to have all attributes visible

DONE	Make sure snap spacing is set to 100 when doing symbol translates
	(warn user in log window)

	Agg! get rid of all window_current's and global_window_current

	Added rc keyword for pin/net thickness (the value) and for visual
	cue size
	
DONE	Fix the color scheme and make it flexable.

	Figure out if you want the net draw/add action to end when you draw
	a zero length net (configureable?) 

DONE	Check and see what we are doing with invisible attibutes, if we are
	rendering them or not (to speed things up), fixed by NOT creating
	the attribute (or text)

DONE	Check for incorrect angles on text... warn user

	Add dashed lines etc...

	there was an analog to the 'array' command  where you select
	a group of stuff and hit array, enter the number of rows and
	columns, and the relative spacing between them, and the copies
	the thing nxm times and draws it all for you.

	when first editing a text object, after the popup box appears with
	the highlited selection, hitting the right arrow key would clear
	the highlight and keep the cursor at the end of the text. 

	Text as objects: Visual texts to be selected separately. All
	text geometry stored relative to its "mother object" so that
	the text moves when the "mother" does.

DONE	Add the ability to specify $HOME in an rc file for a path
	( do you want to do ~ as well? )

DONE	Do sanity checks on all drawing input

DONE	Better handling of dot/square size routine drawing based on zoom 
	factor

DONE	Don't allow zero length objects in general

	Go through and make sure everything has a default (every release)

	Added the ability to rotate embedded components

DONE	When you rotate a component, associated attributes get de-assosciated
	write code to fix this

	Added LogFilename keyword 

	Search for schematic in memory and don't load it from disk if it is.

	Document all the features of the dialog boxes (returns etc...)

	Alignment of text objects

	Document filename naming restrictions: 
		- Symbols are named filename.sym
		- Schematics are named filename_#.sch  where # is sheet number
		- Sym/Sch names need to be unique.
		- ONE dot per filename!

	Generalize the way source files are displayed, ie if you get a .gif
	the program should run a image program, use mime.types and mailcap
	for this

	Add config option for geometry of the window. (or command line option)

	Change directory option? 

	Open symbol pops up a new window, configurable through rc file

DONE	Move schematic filenames toward the _# convention.  Where the #
	(is a number) signifies the sheet number it's on.  Will make moving
	between sheets easier.

DONE	A toggle invisiblity ALL objects

	Configurability of mouse button order (left vs right handed)

	Configurable "hit return and close dialog box" for attributes,
	components etc... 

	Configurability as to what mode a cancel (with right mouse button)
	does.

DONE	Better toggle buttons for visibility etc (sub instead: GtkSpinButton)

DONE	Move/Copy actions start right away after hot key press

DONE	Go back and look at 4 nets coming together problem (not showing dot)

DONE	Added text dialog box which behaves like attribute add.

	Breaking of nets when you connect in the middle.

	Automatic saving

DONE	mouse coordinates

DONE	Document the ortho/non ortho ability of nets 

	Two "indicators" in some way (suggest to the right of the pulldowns)
	that indicates if you're in 'toggle snap' or not, and if you're in
	'toggle grid' or not. 'Toggle grid' might not be useful because you
	should see it :-)  Then 'Toggle outline' is another choice?

	Another menu option to rotate one component? Or check if the
	selection is just one component and via a gschemrc item give the
	user the possibility to rotate the component around it's origin
	or a common point? Rotate more selected objects the way it is
	implemented now.

                                                                 
NAH	Consider using an aspect frame to control the aspectratio of the 
	drawing area (enforce aspect ratio then indirectly)
	
	Complex within a Complex?
	Probably not yet at least not yet. (might work mostly now, but not
	completely)  This is not the same thing as hierarchical design.
	
DONE	Attribute dialog box.  which lets you select the standard attributes

DONE	Font system must be replaced by a more flexable system.  Ie arbitrary
	text sizes allowed and the choosing of the font should be based on
	zoom_scale.

DONE	Dialog box for printing...
(first cut)
	
	A set of compile or runtime flags to control "fluff" (ie make things
	go as fast as possible) 

	metric units instead of mils (in addition to mils)

	Not sure I like that selectable vs unselectable flag in complex's
	Fix with locking layers

DONE	Default behavior of caps vs case sensitive labels/text? 
	make this configurable 

GONE	fix dialog box to be able to handle NEW discards... see NEW define
	in x_filesel.c

	Fix o_edit to handle multi edits.  Should be just a code clean:
		get rid of all direct access to new_sel_head and friends 	
		pass in structure that is being edited...
		Move object/structure code out of x_dialog.c 

	Editing of objects:
		TEXT - color size string
		LINE/CIRCLE/ARC/BOX color endpoints?
		NET/COMP ???? 

	PIN/NET thickness configurability

DONE	configuration ability for ortho pins and nets
	This wasn't done, but you can draw non-orth lines and nets. (non ortho
	pins might be added later)

	Add code so that when you switch between actionfeedback modes
	and your inside an action you get instant feedback 

OKAY	Pins need their own conn_recalc routine

DONE	Boxes (box and selection) that go in both directions... left->right 
	right->left 

	Not a well behaved X program: finish wm hints, icon, X commandline args
	etc... 

DONE	Add lock down component code and interface hook.

MOSTLY	Object clipping...
DONE

WORKING	component slotting (ie dealing with the number of slots in a packages)

WORK	Analog support (draw symbols)
IN
PROGESS

Second TODO list

0 = every release
1 = just started
2 = crude basics working
3 = mostly working
4 = a lot fluff added
5 = done

easy:	
0	remove all // comments
3	newer net system
	buses
	comments in the code
	Control-C handler
	checks for all system calls (with perror)	
	update specs
	crosshair
	console
3	color selection (better color handling)
1	macro/extensiable lang
1	Make symbol (odd bug with hitting S twice then it works ? )
1	push/pop into a symbol
2	cleanup printfs
2	hierarchical design
3	object clipping out of active window
3	logging mechanism
4	attributes 
3	sloting (as in pin numbers in multpacks) of components
3	rotate of primatives
3	rotate of complex
3	mirror of primatives
3	mirror of complex
3	Standard place for symbols/symbol hierarchy
4	finer grid (selectable snappage)
4 	zoom box
4	boundingbox vs outline
4	text (vector font)
4	arcs
4	page system
4	pins (still need to check conn funcs)
4	interface cleanup
5	multi select box! / window select 
5	contrained move/copy
5	fix all return values
5	Change color of highlight to light grey
5	prototypes for everything
5	Change file format to use letters for types instead of #'s
5	outline copies should be more color realistic
5	middle button to repeat last command?
5	attributes with names= etc...	
5	backingstore and improved expose event handling
5	multi select 
5	scrollbars
5	Contrained lines (with control key like o_drawbounding())
	

medium:
	netlists (belongs in gnetlist)
	layers

harder:
	transparent zooms and pans
	stretch/edit of nets
	multibuffers (make sure all routines don't hardcode new_sel_head)
	client lib to do above and protocol
	cut and paste
	dashed lines (slightly hard, but time consuming to change code value?)

questionable:
	active attributes
	HUD
	have cursor jump around if snap on

MISC
-------------

-	A solution to the current block problem (offset wrong) is to
	write out the block as it is in memory to the file.. and then
	when it is loaded again it will be correct... hmmmmm.. use
	the left/top coords as the starting x and y then instead of the
	original pair... 

- 	A better solution would be to translate all the objects to zero zero
        and then save the object as a symbol.	
	Of course this is what I did

	Requires a color display

	Doesn't work too well with AutoRaise
	This has improved, but I still need to work on this.


misc FAQ 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Q:  Copying/Moving objects that aren't on the grid, causes them to snap
    onto the grid if snap is on.  What's the deal with that? 

A:  This is a "normal" behavior.  It is an artifact of how I do grid/snap 
    locking.  Don't move/copy objects which are not snapped to the 
    grid with snap on.  Since this is not a general purpose drawing program,
    don't work with the snap off.  You should only have to do that if you are
    adding text in key places or drawing symbols.  I am thinking on how	
    to improve my snap/grid locking to be more robust. 




REWRITES
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- A possible redo of the boundingbox idea, what if you searched through
  all individual boundingboxes on all objects (especially complex)

- Coord system needs total rewrite.  Maybe not, but it is lacking in that
  it is based on ints



Misc Stuff todo:
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

midpoint droppings on moves/copies



Suggested ideas: 
-----------------------

(this list is not complete, there are still many more people who suggested 
stuff, and each of the listed people suggested other things.  I just 
haven't had time to move the ideas from my mailbox to here)

suggestions by:  Andrew Dyer 
- View logic compatibility
- web enabled : schematics/symbols/models viewing/distributing on the web etc.
- in-memory connections database
- revision control (cvs rcs)
- infinite undo
- EDIF (and tango netlists) and other friends 
- extension lang/ macro lang (tcl, forth ? )
- EDITOR support for editing big symbols
- arrow key support

suggestions by: Erik de Castro Lopo
- SPICE netlist format
- Scrollbars and a better zoom (center of window)
- properties dialog box for components
- Design Rule Checking and dialog box suggestions
- better window/aspect ratio control (get rid of mostly)
- more dynamic window size (give user more control)

suggestions by: Emmanuel Rouat
- connected nets staying with components with distortion. 

suggestions by: Matt Ettus
- RCS/CVS support (another vote for this)
- project management program ("glue" between programs)
- remove concept of filename from gschem ???  (a design librarian)

suggestions by: borges@ifi.uio.no
- Set a dialog box size on component select.
- escape key to cancel.
- libraries with this subsloting idea? .
- Scrollbar on the middle button (configuration)
- toolbox with icons.
- alternate move/copy behavior.  Just select object and drag.  

suggestions by: Harry Eaton
- spread-sheet window that contains properties of whatever you're 
  interested in on the schematic (could be a list of elements, names, 
  spice model names, package types, etc, or a list of nets, and their 
  properties) 

suggestions by: Kyriacos Iacovou
- draw/outline commands with the mouse to select the various modes   

suggestions by: Stefan Petersen
- As few keystrokes/mouse clicks as possible -> stay in mode until users 
  selects a new mode 
- alternate move/copy behavior:  Just click and drag. 

suggestions by: Jeff McNeal
- Another vote for nets update when you move a component
- Strokes.  A la CADENCE or Mentor.
- Go to FreeHDL intermediate format instead of VHDL? 

suggestions by: Michael Linnemann <Linnemann@berg.net>
- A manual keyboard search entry for entering symbols.
- better symbol lookup searching catagorizing mechanism


Future Specifications for gschem 
-----------------------

Basic Stuff
-------------
text
	add
	edit
nets
	be one complete net (not done yet)
	add to existing net
	break net
	(filled|empty) squares/cross at the end of nets
	(filled|empty) circles at midnet connection points
boxes
circles
ellipses?
lines
pins
busses
arcs 
complex
	add
	push
	pop
	create symbols
attributes
	attach
	detach
	edit
	execute special action 
	value=name
Layers

Operations (for all objects)
----------
copy
move
delete
cut and paste
Constrained/Free move (SHIFT/CTRL keys)
outline/move
multiselect/deselect (SHIFT/CTRL keys)
select box
rotate? 


View
----
Zoom in/out
Zoom Full
Pan
Redraw

Other stuff
----------
Page system (neads to be done early)
page size selection
Zoom box (?)
Printing to postscript
all units in mils

File
----
	open
	close
	save
	save as
	rcfile handling		
		color selection
		mode selection
		library path selection


interface
---------
	Flexable interface	
	should be easy to use	
	console
	scripting language
	


