gEDA

GPL Electronic Design Automation
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

README for utilities 


- Installation

   See the toplevel INSTALL for more instructions on general install
   instructions



- System Requirements

        See libgeda/README for current system requirements.



- Utilities
    
    refdes_renum
    Dan McMahill

    refdes_renum reads a gschem schematic file or files and renumbers
    all reference designators.  The reference designators are numbered
    starting with 1 and the old schematic file is replaced by the modified
    schematic file.

    Run the program with no parameters or with --help to see usage 
    information.


    tragesym
    Werner Hoch

    tragesym is a symbol creator for gEDA/gaf.  The aim of this python
    script is to make it easier (and faster) to create symbols for gEDA.

    Program features:

    * create pins and arrange their elements (clocksign, dot, type, pinnumber, 
      label)
    * sort pins alphabetical and numerical
    * swap words of pinlabels if wished
    * draw negation lines on the labels
    * rotate pinlabels if wished
    * some syntax check to the input file
 
    Please see the README.tragesym and ChangeLog.tragesym for more info.  
    Be sure to look at the examples in examples/tragesym.  There you will
    find the template.src file referenced in the README.tragesym file.
   
    gsch2pcb 
    Bill Wilson
  
    gsch2pcb is conceptually based on the gschem2pcb shell script
    distributed with gnetlist, but additionally handles multiple
    schematics, handles element file footprints, and removes pc board
    elements corresponding to components deleted from the schematics.
    It also forward annotates component value changes.

    Please see the README.gsch2pcb file for more information.  Also see
    examples/gsch2pcb/project.sample for an example of a project file.


    garchive
    Stuart Brorson

    This program is used to create a gEDA design archive.  It operates
    in two modes: archive mode and extract mode.  In archive mode it
    creates a project archive from a bunch of project files, and in
    extract mode it extracts the files from the archive and places them in
    the local dir.

    garchive requires python to run.  
    Run:  garchive -h  for help information.
 
    
    schdiff
    Alan Somers
    This script is used to produce graphical diffs of gschem files.  It 
    integrates with Git, Mercurial, and Subversion.  It requires ImageMagick
    to run.  Run schdiff -h for usage instructions.

- License  

        gEDA/gaf (which includes libgeda, gschem, gnetlist, geda, setup,
        gsymcheck, gschcheck, gpcb, utils, docs, examples, all associated
        files, the component symbols, and all the file formats) is placed
        under the GNU Public License (GPL) version 2.0.  See the various
        COPYING files for more information.

	Programs and associated files are:
	Copyright 1998-2006 by Ales Hvezda and the respective original
	authors (which are listed on the respective files)

	gschlas is Copyright 2002 by Ales Hvezda
        refdes_renum is Copyright 2003 by Dan McMahill
        tragesym is Copyright 2001-2003 by Werner Hoch
        gsch2pcb is Copyright 2003-2004 by Bill Wilson
        garchive is Copyright 2003 by Stuart Brorson



- gEDA Internet resources

        Homepage: http://www.geda-project.org

        Mailing lists: http://wiki.geda-project.org/geda:mailinglists

        For any questions related to gEDA/gaf, please subscribe and post
        to the "geda-user" mailing list.

